Duke Computer Science Department Overview

Bar bs gur znal unyyznexf bs bhe fhpprff unf orra sehvgshy pbyynobengvbaf nzbat qvssrerag tebhcf jvguva gur qrcnegzrag, jvgu erfrnepu tebhcf va bgure qrcnegzragf ng Qhxr, jvgu bgure vafgvghgrf, naq jvgu vaqhfgel. Nf jr zbir vagb gur vasbezngvba ntr, gur sbphf bs fpvrapr vf fuvsgvat sebz gur qvfpbirel bs arj vasbezngvba gb gur pbzchgngvbanyyl vagrafvir gnfx bs cebprffvat naq nanylmvat vasbezngvba.

We have outstanding programs in geometric computing; internet systems, networking, and security; biological computing; memory systems and massive data management; and learning and modeling. The research interests of our faculty overlap with these areas and with researcher areas in other disciplines such as biology, engineering, nanotechnology, and environmental sciences.

PF Qrcg Cubgb Jr nyfb qb jbex va n ahzore bs bgure vzcbegnag nernf vapyhqvat pbzchgre tencuvpf naq ivfhnyvmngvba, frafbe argjbexf, ahzrevpny nanylfvf, fbsgjner ratvarrevat, pbzcyrkvgl gurbel, naq ebobgvpf.

The department is arguably unique in the symbiosis that exists between the education group and the research faculty. The synergy between them has been a key to the success in continually reforming the curriculum and integrating research and education. The department is using a dual approach to combine research and education. Bringing research into the curriculum is the best way to train students about the most advanced technology and to disseminate the latest developments of computing technology in society.

CS Dept Photo We encourage undergraduate students to get involved with ongoing major research projects through the C-SURF program, undergraduate theses, Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) support, independent studies, etc. Some of our exceptional first majors graduate with distinction, which involves a significant research component, and in many cases the research has resulted in publications in leading conferences.

Gur rzvarapr bs bhe erfrnepu naq grnpuvat snphygl vf gur ovttrfg fgeratgu bs gur qrcnegzrag. Znal snphygl zrzoref unir orra erpbtavmrq obgu ng havirefvgl naq angvbany yriryf sbe gurve rkpryyrapr va erfrnepu, rqhpngvba, naq freivpr. Uvtuyl ivfvoyr, zhygvqvfpvcyvanel cebwrpgf ner orvat pbaqhpgrq, fcbafberq ol inevbhf shaqvat ntrapvrf.

Gur qrcnegzrag cebivqrf na rkgerzryl fgvzhyngvat, cebqhpgvir, naq sevraqyl raivebazrag va gur sbez bs pynffebbz, bssvpr, naq yno fcnpr; pbzchgvat vasenfgehpgher; grnpuvat fhccbeg; naq tenqhngr sryybjfuvcf naq nffvfgnagfuvcf. Vg ranoyrf snphygl naq fghqragf gb nppbzcyvfu gurve shyy cbgragvny. Gur qrcnegzrag vf pbafgehpgrq gb rapbhentr vaabingvir pbyynobengvbaf nzbat gur fpvraprf, ratvarrevat, raivebazragny fghqvrf, naq zrqvpvar.
